Improved mapping readability (#12)
open-zaak/cmis-adapter: README.rst

Both the mapping and the model should be aligned.

.. _`cmis_mapper.json`: https://github.com/open-zaak/cmis-adapter/blob/master/test_app/cmis_mapper.json
.. _`alfreso-zsdms-model.xml`: https://github.com/open-zaak/cmis-adapter/blob/master/alfresco/extension/alfreso-zsdms-model.xml

Mappings
--------

The content model and the CMIS-mapper configurations need to be aligned. For 
each object, the API resource, the CMIS objecttype, CMIS basetype and the 
(configuratble) CMIS-mapper object is described.

**Document**

The document itself, its content and meta data.

+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| Documenten API resource | ``EnkelvoudigInformatieObject`` |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS objecttype \*      | ``drc:document``                |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS basetype           | ``cmis:document``               |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS-mapper object      | ``DOCUMENT_MAP``                |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+

> All CMIS-mapper properties are described in the `cmis_mapper.json`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mapping between API-attributes and CMIS properties can be found in the `cmis_mapper.json`_.
```

**Gebruiksrechten**

Usage rights. These rights don't need to be enforced by the DMS but are stored 
for use outside the DMS.

+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| Documenten API resource | ``Gebruiksrechten``             |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS objecttype \*      | ``drc:gebruiksrechten``         |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS basetype           | ``cmis:document``               |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS-mapper object      | ``GEBRUIKSRECHTEN_MAP``         |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+

> All CMIS-mapper properties are described in the `cmis_mapper.json`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mapping between API-attributes and CMIS properties can be found in the `cmis_mapper.json`_.
```

**ObjectInformatieObject**

Relation between a document and another object, like a Zaak, Besluit or 
something else.

+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| Documenten API resource | ``ObjectInformatieObject``      |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS objecttype \*      | ``drc:oio``                     |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS basetype           | ``cmis:document``               |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS-mapper object      | ``OBJECTINFORMATIEOBJECT_MAP``  |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+

> All CMIS-mapper properties are described in the `cmis_mapper.json`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mapping between API-attributes and CMIS properties can be found in the `cmis_mapper.json`_.
```

**Zaaktype folder**

Contains all Zaken from this Zaaktype and has itself some meta data about the
Zaaktype. API-attributes are from the `Catalogi API`_ ``Zaaktype``-resource.

.. _`Catalogi API`: https://vng-realisatie.github.io/gemma-zaken/standaard/catalogi/index

+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| Catalogi API resource   | ``Zaaktype``                    |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS objecttype \*      | ``drc:zaaktypefolder``          |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS basetype           | ``cmis:folder``                 |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+

> | CMIS-mapper object      | *Not configurable, see below*   |

Reviewer: This can be configured, the CMIS-mapper object is `ZAAKTYPE_MAP`

**Zaak folder**

Contains all Zaak-related documents and has itself some meta data about the
Zaak. API-attributes are from the `Zaken API`_ ``Zaak``-resource.

.. _`Zaken API`: https://vng-realisatie.github.io/gemma-zaken/standaard/zaken/index

+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| Zaken API resource      | ``Zaak``                        |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS objecttype \*      | ``drc:zaakfolder``              |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+
| CMIS basetype           | ``cmis:folder``                 |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------+

> | CMIS-mapper object      | *Not configurable, see below*   |

Reviewer: This can be configured, the CMIS-mapper object is `ZAAK_MAP`

                    [day (cmis:folder)] > 
                        [filename (drc:document)]

For example:

.. code-block::

    CMIS Root > DRC > 2020 > 12 > 31 > document.txt

If nothing else happens, this document will remain here.

**Creating gebruiksrechten**

A document can have Gebruiksrechten. These are stored as a separate document 

> (``gebruiksrechten``) in a folder called ``related data``. This folder is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(``gebruiksrechten``) in a folder called ``Related data``. This folder is 
```

                            [zaak-folder (drc:zaakfolder)]
                                [filename (drc:document)]

A document is **moved** when the document was **not related** to a Zaak before 
(and thus it was in the temporary folder). The document is **copied** to the 
new zaak folder when the document was **already related** to a Zaak.

The relation of a document to a Zaak is implicitly described by its path. In
addition however, this relation is stored as a separate document (``oio``) in

> the ``related_data`` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ``Related data`` folder.
```

For example:

.. code-block::

    CMIS Root > DRC > Melding Openbare Ruimte > 2020 > 12 > 31 > ZAAK-0000001 > document.txt
    CMIS Root > DRC > Melding Openbare Ruimte > 2020 > 12 > 31 > ZAAK-0000001 > related data > document.txt-gebruiksrechten
    CMIS Root > DRC > Melding Openbare Ruimte > 2020 > 12 > 31 > ZAAK-0000001 > related data > document.txt-oio

**Relating a document to a Besluit**

When a document is related to a Besluit, there's a few different scenario's:

1. The Besluit is **related** to a Zaak and...

   1. The document is **not related** to a Zaak (and thus the document is in 
      the temporary folder): The document is **moved** to the Zaak folder of 
      the Zaak that is related to the Besluit.
   2. The document is **already related** to a Zaak: The document is **copied**
      to the new Zaak folder.

2. The Besluit is **not related** to a Zaak and...

   1. The document is **not related** to a Zaak: The document **stays** in its 
      temporary folder.
   2. The document is **related** to a Zaak: The document is **copied** to the
      temporary folder.

In all cases, the relation of a document to a Besluit is stored as a separate 

> document (``oio``) in the ``related_data`` folder, relative to wherever the new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
document (``oio``) in the ``Related data`` folder, relative to wherever the new
```

    CMIS Root > DRC > Melding Openbare Ruimte > 2020 > 12 > 31 > ZAAK-0000001 > document.txt

**Relating a document to a Besluit**

When a document is related to a Besluit, and that Besluit is part of a Zaak, the

> document is moved as if it was related to that Zaak.

Reviewer: Not sure if we want to go in more details for the creations of object informatieobjects. These are the cases that I have described in the `drc_cmis/client.py` `create_oio()` function:

        1. The oio creates a link to a Besluit:
            A. The besluit is linked to a zaak:
                - If the document is NOT already linked to a zaak, it is moved from the temporary folder to
                    the zaak folder
                - If the document is already linked to a zaak, it will be copied to the new zaak folder
            B. The besluit is not linked to a zaak:
                - If the document is NOT already linked to a zaak, the oio is created in the temporary folder and the
                    document is NOT moved
                - If the document is already linked to a zaak, the document is not moved and the oio will go
                    in the temporary folder
        2. The oio creates a link to a Zaak:
            A. If the document is already related to a zaak, a copy of the document is put in the
                correct zaaktype/zaak folder.
            B. If the document is NOT related to a zaak: the document is moved from the temporary folder
            to the correct zaaktype/zaak folder.

        If the document is linked already to a gebruiksrechten, then the gebruiksrechten object is also moved.
